helm, doc: Added debug Helm flag for the agent (#2622)
cilium/tetragon: docs/content/en/docs/troubleshooting/_index.md

* Enable debug level with `--log-level=debug`
* Enable trace level with `--log-level=trace`

### Change log level on Kubernetes

{{< warning >}}

> The Tetragon DaemonSet will be restarted automatically after changing the debug Helm value!

Reviewer: This is a pedantic nit, I don't mind not changing this, just a suggestion:
```suggestion
The Pods of the Tetragon DaemonSet will be restarted automatically after changing the debug Helm value.
```

{{< /warning >}}

> It is possible to change the log level of the Tetragon (DaemonSet) instances by
> setting `tetragon.debug` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to change the log level of Tetragon's DaemonSet Pods by
setting `tetragon.debug` to `true`.
```
